[SOUND]
Okay,
so here I'm in Windows and I'm, for this
installation app I'm using Windows 10 and
let's go ahead, and open up Chrome and
we'll set it as our default browser.
For now at least, and we'll go ahead and
search for sublime text.
We'll install sublime text three.
That's the first thing that comes up.
And what we want is, since I'm running
64-bit Windows, I'll just choose 64-bit.
It will download.
Let's go ahead and show it in folder.
And we'll go ahead and double click it.
And basically,
here I'm just taking all the defaults.
All the defaults are just fine.
I'll go ahead and set install.
And that should be done.
And from here,
search the web or in Windows,
I should be able to now say Sublime and
the first thing comes up is Sublime and
I can now right-click on the icon here and
say, pin it to taskbar.
We'll drag it right here.
Okay, well for now we could close it.
And the next that we
need to install is git.
We'll go ahead and go the browser again,
and we'll just type download git for
Windows.
And the first thing that's
not a sponsored link here,
we don't see any sponsored links anyway.
We'll go ahead and
click Download Git for Windows, and
it should right away start downloading,
and it is.
And okay, it's done,
let's show it in folder.
We'll double get the get
installation file.
We'll say yes to that.
And we'll click next here, next here,
next here, and next here again.
Once again next, and
when we get to this Window here that says
adjusting your path variable environment.
Make sure that instead of
use git from git dash only,
if you would like to use the regular
command prompt, Windows command prompt,
click the middle one says use
git from Windows command prompt.
We'll click next after that.
And we'll leave this as is.
And instead of this
MinTTY default terminal,
we'll use the Windows default
console Window, so we'll check that.
I'll click Next, and
finally we'll install.
Okay, it's done.
We don't need to view the release notes,
so we'll uncheck that and click finish.
Now if we go to command line,
which is cmd, command line prompt.
We'll make it full screen and we'll go
ahead and say git --version to verify
that it installed and since it comes
up with git version 2.6.4.windows.1,
which is the version we downloaded,
so our git is working just fine.
Now let me digress for
just a second to clarify something
to avoid future confusion.
I'm going to be using a Mac
throughout the course and
I'll be referring to the terminal.
The terminal in the Mac is the same
things as the command prompt or
CMD program on Windows is just
a command line interface.
Meaning it's something
you type commands into
instead of clicking on buttons
to accomplish something.
All the programs we're installing have
commands that are the same whether you
are on Windows or Mac.
However, file system commands
are operating system specific.
For example, a very common difference
is that in order to list the files in
a directory folder on a Mac, you use
the ls command, which stand for list.
However, to list the contents on
a directory on Windows, you have to use
a different command, called D-I-R,
dir command, standing for directory.
The next step is to install Node.js so
we can install Browsersync.
We'll go ahead and go to the browser and
say download nodejs for Windows.
And the first link that comes up,
guess I didn't spell it very well.
First link that comes up is right here.
And we'll go ahead and choose our
Windows install, except I know that I
have a 64-bit one, so I'll go ahead and
choose the MSI installer 64-bit.
Once it's done,
we'll go ahead and open it up,
we'll double-click the installation file.
And we'll click next,
we'll accept the terms, that sounds good,
add to path to make sure that it's going
to add to path to our console as well.
We'll go ahead and click next,
and we will click install, and
we'll definitely say yes.
And we're done, so the only thing
now to do is, to try to see if null
actually got installed, so we'll actually,
we'll exit to command prompt.
It's always a good idea to relaunch it
again after something gets installed, so
we'll open it up again, make it full
screen, and we'll say node --version.
And that works and another command
from node js is npm which stands for
node package manager and
we'll do --version.
Actually, npm was what we were really
after at this point because we're going to
use node package manager to
install the browser sync plugin or
the browser sync program.
And that seems to work just fine as well.
So the next thing we need to
do is install browser sync.
What we'll go [INAUDIBLE] browser and
we'll search for browser sync.
And the first thing comes
up is right here and
it's actually telling us how to do this,
right.
It's telling us npm install
-g browser sync and
-g is just there for installing it for all
the users, not just your particular user.
So we'll copy the command, we'll come
here and go ahead and paste the command.
And we'll press enter.
Okay, so looks like it installed.
Let's go ahead and verify that.
We'll again exit just in case.
And we'll go back and say cmd.
And now we'll say, I'll make this full
screen again and we'll say browser-sync.
And we'll do --version.
And so now it's working.
Okay, so we're done with our installations
and in part three of this lecture.
I'm going to show you how we're
going to use browser sync
in order to serve in our website and
develop together with it.
And we'll also look into how to deploy and
host your web pages
directly on GitHub.com.